.Q.hp and .Q.hg response is a string (#280)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/dotq.md

.Q.hg x
```

> Where `x` is a URL as a symbol atom or (since V3.6 2018.02.10) a string, returns a string for for the result of an HTTP[S] GET query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `x` is a URL as a symbol atom or (since V3.6 2018.02.10) a string, returns a string for the result of an HTTP[S] GET query.
```

-   `y` is a MIME type as a string
-   `z` is the POST query as a string

Returns a string for the result of an HTTP[S] POST query.
(Since V3.4)

> Will utilize proxy settings if defined, as described in [hg (HTTP get)](#hp-http-get)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses proxy settings if defined, as described in [hg (HTTP get)](#hp-http-get).
```
